Improvements (#3)
elliottech/lighter-v2-core: README.md

# Lighter Exchange V2

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/@elliottech%2Flighter-v2-core.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/@elliottech%2Flighter-v2-core)

Lighter is fully decentralized order book exchange protocol designed for permission-less, zero slippage and MEV-protected trades.

Core contracts make up the Lighter Exchange's foundation. They are composed of the Factory and an Order Book for each supported

> token pair. At the moment, only the Lighter team is able to deploy new token pairs. 

Reviewer: > only the Lighter team
maybe we can change to
> only the Lighter governance which is run by Lighter team

## Factory
The Factory contract handles creating Order Books. Users can tap into the Factory contract to find out about different order books or to grab the order book for a specific token pair.

## Order Book
Each supported pair gets its own Order Book contract. 

> This contract holds the money for open orders and takes care of pairing up and finishing trades. 

Reviewer: Maybe something like 
```suggestion
This contract stores the data and ERC-20 tokens for open orders, and implements the matching engine that is used to match crossing orders.
```

> Users can work directly with an order book, but they have to go through a smart contract that uses a payment interface. 
> Plus, going straight to the order book lets users do flash-loans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can interact directly with Order Book contracts, but the interaction should go through a smart contract that implements the payment interface. 
Also, interacting directly with the order book allows users do zero fee flash-loans.
```
